glossary update: esLORETA definition and links (#6883)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/glossary.rst

        a type, such as gradiometer, and a unit, such as Tesla/Meter that
        is used in the code base, e.g. for plotting.

    digitization
        Digitization is a procedure of recording the headshape of a subject and the fiducial coils (or :term:`HPI`) and/or eeg electrodes locations on the subject’s head. They are represented as a set of points in a 3D space. See :ref:`reading-dig-montages` and :ref:`dig-formats`.  

    dipole
        See :term:`equivalent current dipole`.

    eLORETA and sLORETA

>         eLORETA and sLORETA (exact and standardized low resolution brain electromagnetic tomography) are linear source estimation techniques, as are dSPM or MNE (:term:`minimum-norm estimation`). sLORETA outputs standardized values such as dSPM, while eLORETA outputs current density estimates like MNE. See :func:`mne.minimum_norm.apply_inverse`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        eLORETA and sLORETA (exact and standardized low resolution brain electromagnetic tomography) are linear source estimation techniques, as are dSPM or :term:`MNE <minimum-norm estimation>`. sLORETA outputs standardized values (like dSPM does), while eLORETA outputs current density estimates (like MNE). See :func:`mne.minimum_norm.apply_inverse` and :ref:`tut-inverse-methods`.
```

Reviewer: It would also be good if this were split over multiple lines, so there is no line-wrapping when viewing the source document. 79 characters is the typical limit.

        is used in the code base, e.g. for plotting.

    Digitization
        Digitization is a procedure of recording the headshape of a subject and the fiducial coils (or :term:`HPI`) and/or eeg electrodes locations on the subject’s head. They are represented as a set of points in a 3D space. See :ref:`reading-dig-montages` and :ref:`dig-formats`.  

    dipole
        See :term:`equivalent current dipole`.

    eLORETA and sLORETA

>         eLORETA and sLORETA (exact and standardized low resolution brain electromagnetic tomography) are versions of LORETA source estimation technique. It is based on computing the distribution of the current source density throughout full brain volume. See :func:`mne.minimum_norm.apply_inverse`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        eLORETA and sLORETA (exact and standardized low resolution brain electromagnetic tomography) are linear source estimation techniques, as are dSPM or MNE (:term:`minimum norm`). sLORETA outputs standardized values such as dSPM, while eLORETA outputs current density estimates like MNE. See :func:`mne.minimum_norm.apply_inverse`.
```

        a type, such as gradiometer, and a unit, such as Tesla/Meter that
        is used in the code base, e.g. for plotting.

    digitization
        Digitization is a procedure of recording the headshape of a subject and
        the fiducial coils (or :term:`HPI`) and/or eeg electrodes locations on
        the subject’s head. They are represented as a set of points in a 3D space.
        See :ref:`reading-dig-montages` and :ref:`dig-formats`.  

    dipole
        See :term:`equivalent current dipole`.

    eLORETA and sLORETA
        eLORETA and sLORETA (exact and standardized low resolution brain
        electromagnetic tomography) are linear source estimation techniques,
        as are dSPM or MNE (:term:`minimum-norm estimation`). sLORETA outputs
        standardized values such as dSPM, while eLORETA outputs current density

>         estimates like MNE. See :func:`mne.minimum_norm.apply_inverse`.

Reviewer 3: Our implementation of `eLORETA` outputs some normalized quantity (unfortunately), not current density estimates.

Reviewer 3: See https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-python/pull/6050

Author: Should the definition be updated clarifying that?

Reviewer 3: I would not say it outputs current density here. Maybe just call them "normalized estimates"? And if we say it's current density in our minimum-norm/eLORETA docs somewhere you can change that, too

Reviewer 2: just remove this sentence then: `, while eLORETA outputs current density  estimates like MNE`

        and can be used to infer the head position. With cHPI, the sinusoidal
        signals are typically set at frequencies above any neural signal of
        interest, and thus can be removed after head position correction via

>         low-pass filtering. See :ref:`example-head-pos`

Reviewer: add period at end of paragraph.

Reviewer 2: still to be done @NataKozh

        locations by :math:`N` sensors) that, when applied to the sensor
        signals, yields estimates of the brain activity that gave rise to the
        observed sensor signals. Inverse operators are available for the linear

>         inverse methods MNE, dSPM, sLORETA and eLORETA. See :func:`mne.minimum_norm.apply_inverse`

Reviewer: add period at end of paragraph.
